There you go, I'm fine, I'm Izmir.
lucas therapist 30 plus years I'm
making a series of videos about the
seed Aguaí
these should already have been
our new video
I stayed the last 15 days in
post video I was very glad that
people signed up called
send me a message so that I could
make a series of videos that
It has helped a lot
people in the use of the seed and how it is
a line a matter of water seed in
little known
I was quite happy with the
repercussion that has seen this series of
videos so far to these eight videos that
we did
He had eight thousand views in 15 days
This for me is a very big brand.
precisely that it was one of the first
videos that I did feel need
wrong use and the wrong way
people were widespread.
seeds
I want to remember and I even put one of the
videos that the seed is not mysticism in
science
precisely because people are in a
released from the day of seed culture
Aguaí of talking about the surprise in
cure , but more of a constancy and
use is not a day you go
in this meeting of the culture you are going
be healed and something else I want
leave mine
of course I worry a lot and do not let
to take the medicines that doctors
come to you all my work is
along with the medical area is not dissociated
ok it 's all together
Where have we done several tests?
are choosing various results and not
can be read by people who want to
only gain in the sale of the seed or
talk that mystique do all in one
work and the return of what is not
true
so today the seed so that it helps
you to your medical treatment but not
stop taking your non-prescription medicines
stop using your
doctor
Ok let's make this clear because it is not
miracle
they are miraculous from the moment
that you have continuous use where
you balance all your energies
when you wanted the emotional part
everything that is around you in
your cells automatically
Does not have balanced back absorb larger
nutrient from your food that has to
be healthier logical all that
people do is a series of actions so that
we be healthy so do not wait
simply the cure for the seed or the
cure by the doctor is pure by a pastor
a religion you have to do your
part and make sure that the use of
constant is you drinking too much water
daytime
I am one of them but two people and
then there was even posting a video that
I made a long time ago interview
and spoke of the importance of water
he even rb has a one video that he speaks
enough on the water is edit forget
water is in the coffee then your
coolant ska state
So imagine you when you
Are you going to wash your house or wash your clothes?
your car instead of using water
from 6 to 15 years old to a coca cola
soda
What will be the result of this company?
you will do what will happen
will be there
or going dirty playing the circus and the coca
will be all right
What 's really slow when you
want to wash is that you take water
so you take pure water to water
during the day at least as it says to the whole
the minimum medicine three liters of water to
day and it is with this cleansing of the cells that
you will have a better balance in yes
I managed to cure the depression of two
people
only with water because they were people who
not taking water and it made teaching
arrested have teaching stuck higher toxins
in the body and causes what is
depressing is how we talk person
it stays in heavy with feces to study the
a very large toxin in the body and
mess with the whole emotional part
so the importance of you is with the use
Seed necklace constant taking
water and following
try medical guidance you will have the
result yes very good a lot
rewarding and will feel better with
higher energy but be sure to make
people
inconsequential are doing working
with the seed exactly in that sense
make the curve and you do not need
take medicine do not have medium makes
care should be taken to ensure that the
people make to sell without a drop
of knowledge without a study really
You are aware that is
balancing people and not from
Balancing ok, let's do it then.
continue to make this series of videos
that I have more things to tell
you
Good big kiss on your heart
Stay with god and a big hug and
Thank you for participating in these
videos a kiss thank you